Sort by file types at all?
	Sort by model of data at all? Could make file system hierarchy easier later...
What about data sets that fall under two groups?
Different versions of data sets?
What are the exact complaints about promise as it is now?
Promise does not match the file structure of the promise repo?
Do we have anything more useful than just the google code promisedata website?
	Like, how was the promisedata site generated?
Page names are not standardized; should we come up with some standard?
The display headings in promise are not all the same; some fields can be left out. (ie nasa93)


Some data is in a file system hierarchy, more than in an actual file. (ie ABACUS)
	How to handle this? Find a way to duplicate the hierarchy in TP, or just store the zip?
	Do we merge data into similar hierarchies in the future, or store each as a separate file?
Some datasets have several files, and those files follow a very specific format. (ie modis)
	Once again, we could just give the record it's own folder, but that is harder on users.
	These files are not necessarily all in one folder already, we'd have to do that ourselves.
Some datasets are in entirely different records. (ie pitsA - pitsF)
	Do we try to merge these records into one folder?

Should we attempt to handle adding data to a record continuously over time?
	Either update a record every time new data is available, leading to confusion, or...
	Add a new record every time new data is available, leading to inflated file numbers, or...
	Attach new data to an existing similar record's file structure, requiring somewhat 		standardized file structures.


This is looking like we will need some form of dynamic file structure, such that a record gets its own subdirectory, which needs to be navigable from within the TP repository website somehow.
This will require some extensive knowledge of Jekyll, since we would want some way of generating the webpages based on the file structure of the html files


{ try site.categories.journal }
NOTE: img folder is being used to hold images for webpages